Mr. Gopal Balchandan Sir has joined CFO IC
Lombard and please
show me the ICL Umar in the next day.  I
think let's also take a look at the number the market is saluting.
Hello Sir,
welcome to the program and today your
stock is flying Sir, up by ₹138.  There has been an increase of only 1.5% to 1.6% in
your gross return premium on yearly basis.
What exactly was the reason for this?
I mean going forward,
what is your outlook on this?
Look at the thought process of ICC Lombard,
from the underwriting standpoint, I am
not talking only about the present.  In
general, our thought process on the philosophy
of writing risk has been to always stay
focused on writing profitable growth.  So,
IC Labard focuses a lot on the segments that we feel are right in terms of pricing.
At the same
time, in the segments where we feel that
the price aggression is very, very
elevated, then in those segments generally we tend to kind of be a little bit more
guarded and take a slightly more defensive
position even in terms of letting go
market share.  So, what you must have seen in aggregate is
that our growth
relative to the market has been slightly more
muted, but the positive news is I
think if you look at the growth in
the quarter for the month of
September, I think across segments, our
growth for SSL has kind of been
looking much better, even if you
look at commercial lines, motor, retail,
health, each of the segments which are our
preferred segments, I think the growth
momentum has kind of come back and which is what we are very, very
excited with as we kind
of head into the second
half of the year.
Our good combined ratio also fell
to approximately 105.1.  If I
compare it with the industry parameters and your PA, then
this ratio was also a little low.
You will explain the reason for this difference.
So again, I want to refresh you on this one thing
that the combined
ratio numbers that you are seeing on a
comparative period are not like to like
comparable because if you remember
in October 2024, there was a change in the
regulatory guidelines where the accounting prescription for the long
term policy that we were issuing was
prescribed separately by the regulator.  So there for the
combined ratio of 105% that you are seeing,
you are comparing that combined to the
104.5%
that was reported in quarter two of last year.
That is why if you have
seen our investor deck, just to kind of ensure there is a
like to like
comparison which is on an end basis the
combined ratio was 104.5% in quarter
2 of last year, on the same end basis if you
look at quarter 2 of the current year then actually there is an improvement
in our combined ratio, ah
so this quarter 2 the
combined ratio is actually 103.9%
so we have actually been able to see an improvement
in our combined ratio which is what we are very very
excited with and the second
thing which we have been generally
telling the market is our ability to
continue to sustain return on
equity in the range of 18 to 20%,
we expect return on equity.
If you have seen even in the quarter
to this year I think we have been able to kind
of sustain that ROE of slightly more than
20% plus.  So we are very, very
excited with the directional improvement
that we have seen in combined and equally our
ability to maintain the sustained ROE of in
that range of 18 to 20%
sir, I
wanted to focus a little bit on the segmental market share and its growth.
What is the market share of all the products and what is the
growth you are seeing in all the spaces for the next quarter
or two.
So again if you look at each segment,
as I said commercial lines
for the matter of fact commercial lines saw a
lot of pricing pressure in the last year.
Even at the beginning of this quarter I think there has been a
lot of price advancement in the market.
During that time, as I said, ICAB generally
takes guarded chances when the price
aggression becomes elevated and there for
the action we would not have done as much if you would have seen
late from quarter one and even
for the matter of fact for the first two
months of quarter two.  But if you have seen the month of
September.  Ah weather you take
fire, weather you take engineering or any other ah ah ah
lines of businesses on the
commercial line side.  I think we have been able to do a very
good job and even in the
Commercial Lines, Book Engineering, Marine
Cargo Liability, these three lines of
businesses, we are the market leader.  So, to that
extent, I think our
relative positioning on the commercial lines
book is very, very positive and the momentum that we are
building into quarter three
and thereafter looks very, very
promising and here when you
deal with corporates, corporates look at
your brand, your financial positioning,
your solvency position,
if you have seen, ICB's
solvency at the end of September is
2.73 times much about the regulatory minimum
of 1.5 and and moreover, corporates
look at the ability of claims service.
In all these four areas I think clearly
IC Labard has been right up there.  And
that is a reason not only now if you
look back over the years the commercial lines
portfolio has been the portfolio
for IC Laborde where you have always been kind of gaining
incremental market
share.
Okay Mr. Bachan, thank you very much.
Sir, you attended this event.
Thank you very much sir.  You talked about all the segments,
margins and market share.
Thank you very much.